`bapsf_motion.motion_list`
==========================

The term :term:`motion list` can be a bit confusing, since it can have
multiple meanings.  Strictly put, the term motion list refers to the
list of points that a :term:`probe drive` will move the :term:`probe`
through.  However, the term may be used as short hand for the
|MotionList| class and that classes components.  The |MotionList|
class is where the motion list is defined and ultimately the
:term:`motion list` (list of points) is generated.

The |MotionList| class hase four fundamental building blocks:

1. The :term:`motion space` which defines the :math:`N`\ -D space the
   :term:`probe` is supposed to move in.
2. The `~bapsf_motion.motion_list.MotionList.mask`, which is a high
   resolution boolean array over the :term:`motion space` indicating
   where a probe is allowed or not allowed to move to.
3. The :term:`motion layers` (sometimes also referred to as
   :term:`point layers`), which defines an array of points where the
   probe ought to move to.  A single :term:`motion layer` can be defined
   or multiple layers can be defined to construct more complex
   :term:`point layers`.  The available layers are summarized
   :ref:`below <available_layers>`.
4. The :term:`motion exclusions` (sometimes also referred to as
   :term:`exclusion layers`), which defines regions in the
   :term:`motion space` where a probe can not be moved to. A single
   :term:`exclusion layer` can be defined or multiple layers can be
   defined to construct more complex
   :term:`exclusion layers`.  The available exclusions are summarized
   :ref:`below <available_exclusions>`.

The |MotionList| manages all these fundamental building blocks within
a `xarray` `~xarray.DataSet`.  The final :term:`motion list` is
generated by |MotionList| by combining all the fundamental building
blocks.

About Point Layers
------------------

.. _available_layers:

Available Layers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

    Discuss the mechanics of a motion layer class.  How it creates the
    DataArray. What the DataArray looks like.  How it interacts with
    the motion list DataSet.

Creating a New Layer Type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

About Exclusion Layers
----------------------

.. note::

    Discuss the mechanics of an exclusion layer class.  How it creates
    the DataArray.  What the DataArray looks like.  How it interacts
    with the motion list DataSet.

.. _available_exclusions:

Available Exclusions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Creating a New Exclusion Type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

API
---

.. automodapi:: bapsf_motion.motion_list
